# Adversarial Training Demo
Simple demo for learning adversarial training.

> **Requirements**
>
> This project is based on *Python 3.13*, and [PyTorch](https://pytorch.org) is adopted as the AI framework. By default,
> the **CPU version** of PyTorch is downloaded as a dependency by [PDM](https://pdm-project.org).
>
> If you prefer `pip` as your package manager, please see the [Build with pip](#build-with-pip) section.

- [Adversarial Training Demo](#adversarial-training-demo)
  - [Build system](#build-system)
  - [Build with pip](#build-with-pip)


## Build system
This project adopts [PDM](https://pdm-project.org/) as build system. Modern build systems (like PDM) are preferred over vanilla `pip` tool, because PDM handles virtual environment & package management automatically and correctly.

> For example, the vanilla `pip` tool **won't remove indirectly referenced dependencies** when removing the direct ones. When installing `torchvision`, pip will install `pillow` and other packages required by `torchvision`, but will leave them unchanged when `torchvision` is removed.

To install & use PDM, see [the official installation guide](https://pdm-project.org/en/latest/#installation).

## Build with pip
For compatibility, a `requirements.txt` file is provided along with the modern python package config file (`pyproject.toml`). To perform vanilla installation of dependencies, run:

```shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

> **NOTE**: This `requirements.txt` is automatically generated by PDM using `pdm export` command. No guarantee is made when it comes to full `pip` compatibility.

Virtual environments are recommended in case to keep the global Python environment clean.